README.md, before:

# Killara
Repo for various things.  

## Deep Learning for Satellite Image Classification

This is a Manning Live Project that uses Semantic Segmentation to detect the outlines of surface water in satellite images. 

It covers Geo related topics (SRS, data collection) to deep learning combining U-Net (biomedical image segmentation convolution network) with ResNet.  Once trained (with limited data set), the model could detect surface water outline with 80-90% accuracy. 

(Tensorflow/Keras)

## 3D Medical Image Analysis with PyTorch

Manning Live Project that uses PyTorch to emulate medical image analysis. 

(PyTorch)

## DataApp with Streamlit

Streamlit is a pretty good tool if you want to provide interactive web dashboard.  For non-technical audiences, it's heck of a lot better than Jupyter Notebook, and it's a whole lot easier (for us devs) than using tools like Tableau.   This sample project shows how to interactively visualize t-SNE based on perplexity.  Spoiler alert, it just displays pre-computed data, not calculate on the fly.

(Streamlit)

## Machine Learning Mastery Code Bits

Code written while studying Jason Brownlee's excellent Machine Learning Mastery materials.

## Killara

[Killara](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Killara+NSW+2071,+Australia/@-33.7689872,151.1404025,6934m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x6b12a896aef226f7:0x5017d681632bc50!8m2!3d-33.76864!4d151.16347) is a suburb of Sydney where I lived decades ago. Killara is an aboriginal word that means permanent or always there.  I lived a few houses from the Roseville Park where I used to go watch the locals play cricket. The park is still there and they still play cricket.

Commit message:

Complete 3D Medical Image Analysis with PyTorch

README.md, after:

# Killara
Repo for various things.  

## Deep Learning for Satellite Image Classification

This is a Manning Live Project that uses Semantic Segmentation to detect the outlines of surface water in satellite images. 

It covers Geo related topics (SRS, data collection) to deep learning combining U-Net (biomedical image segmentation convolution network) with ResNet.  Once trained (with limited data set), the model could detect surface water outline with 80-90% accuracy. 


(Tensorflow/Keras)

## 3D Medical Image Analysis with PyTorch

Manning Live Project that uses PyTorch to emulate medical image analysis.  This project reads neuroimage files in nib format, trains a Neural Net using pre/post transformation pairs.  The goal is to generate post transformation image where one is lacking.

This LiveProject is decent, but a bit thin, especially for someone who already know deep learning and have experiences with Keras.  I wouldn't this LiveProject to get into PyTorch (which is what I was hoping to do).

(PyTorch)

## DataApp with Streamlit

Streamlit is a pretty good tool if you want to provide interactive web dashboard.  For non-technical audiences, it's heck of a lot better than Jupyter Notebook, and it's a whole lot easier (for us devs) than using tools like Tableau.   This sample project shows how to interactively visualize t-SNE based on perplexity.  Spoiler alert, it just displays pre-computed data, not calculate on the fly.

(Streamlit)

## Machine Learning Mastery Code Bits

Code written while studying Jason Brownlee's excellent Machine Learning Mastery materials.

## Killara

[Killara](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Killara+NSW+2071,+Australia/@-33.7689872,151.1404025,6934m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x6b12a896aef226f7:0x5017d681632bc50!8m2!3d-33.76864!4d151.16347) is a suburb of Sydney where I lived decades ago. Killara is an aboriginal word that means permanent or always there.  I lived on Wattle Street, a few houses from Killara Park where I used to go watch the locals play cricket. The park is still there and they still play cricket.
